Proprietary License for the Pragmatic Data package

This software is licensed under this PROPRIETARY LICENSE in all cases when 
another licence is not explicitly granted in writing by the copyright owner.

To this license apply the same definitions as in the Apache License as set
forth in the APACHE_LICENSE file.

As an example fall under this license, unless a different license is granted 
in writing, any use in consulting, billable work or any other work performed 
for a Legal Entity by people not directly employed by such Legal Entity, and 
any other case when work is performed in association with a commercial 
transaction.

The goal of this license is to share with the Copyright owner part of the 
revenue matured by the Legal Entity using the software or participating in 
projects or any other econimic activity using the software.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

Upon acceptance by the Legal Entity of the obligation to a payment in favor 
of the copyright holder, is hereby granted to the Legal Entity a non-exclusive 
license according to the same terms as the APACHE LICENSE, replacing any 
reference to no-charge or royalty-free with the obligation of payment 
as specified in these terms and conditions.

Unless differently agreed in writing the payment is determined as 10% (ten 
percent) of the revenue matured by the Legal Entity from the customer for
any work connected to projects where this software is in use.

The payment must be executed according to the instructions provided by the 
copyright owner no later than 60 days from maturing the first revenue 
connected with the use of this software and for all the time when this 
software remains in use.

It is on the Legal Entity to contact the copyright owner to request the 
payment instructions. The copyright owner can be contacted through the 
platform where the software has been obtained, through the contacts on the 
site https://pragmatic-data.org/, the email info@pragmatic-data.org, the
email rz70rz70@gmail.com or social media like LinkedIn and others.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

--
(C) Copyright 2022-2024 Roberto Zagni.
All right reserved.
